Awesome. So now, we have successfully sent a transaction
into the network to be added to the blockchain.
In this step, I'm going to show you how to make sure that everything
went fine with the transaction that we just sent as a sent out.
For this, you can actually use the command called
gettransaction followed by the transaction hash.
So this is the transaction hash that we just got and in our last step.
So let me go copy this transaction hash.
So if you see that's on the screen, but I'm going to do it again.
So that's the command gettransaction,
and let's do it again.
Gettransaction, and then you have your transaction hash followed by it.
So it gives you a complete information of the transaction.
So this shows you that everything went fine.
So let me quickly walk you through some of these numbers.
The amount is a positive number of Bitcoins if this transaction increased,
the total wallet balance.
A negative number of Bitcoins if this transaction decreased,
the total wallet balance,
or zero if the transaction had no effect on the wallet balance.
In our case, since I'm just transferring from
one address to another address within my same wallet,
just as an exercise,
I'm not giving out any Bitcoins in external address.
So that's the reason you see my amount to be zero because
the overall net effect on a wallet balance is nothing.
Fee, of course is the fee paid by the transaction reported as negative Bitcoins.
Confirmations, we just did it.
Of course, there is no confirmations yet,
the number of Bitcoin confirmations that the transaction has received.
Of course, you saw information.
The main one again as an X1,
is a transaction hash.
This is the all the ID,
but it is a transaction ID for this transaction.
You also might see a block hash,
a block index, or block time.
That's a hash of the block,
or the index of the block,
or the time of the block.
Again, the reason we're not seeing any of those
because there is only return for conformed transactions.
So if you see a block hash, block index,
or block time, there is only returned for transaction that are confirmed.
Since we're not confirmed yet, so we don't see that.
But if you do it in a while and you see some confirmations,
you'll also see block hash,
block index, and block time.
Account or the address
is the address to which the payment was credited to or debited from.
It maybe an empty screen for the default account.
A category, it could be send or receive based
upon if you're sending a payment or if you're receiving a payment.
Then you can also see vout number.
For an output transaction,
this would be the output index for this output in this transaction.
For an input transaction,
this will be the output index for the output that is
being spent in this transaction. Got it?
Because we use an UT axial in that input transaction,
it would be that number.
So those are some of the numbers I wanted you to look at,
but just look at this screen again and you're really going to get comfortable
with all of these fields and the fantastic grades.
So now you have learned how to create a raw transaction,
sign it, and then send it to the network.
To summarize, we used a UT axial from an existing transaction as the input.
Then we sign a transaction and then be send it to the network.